Urgently needed;

  Dragonsworn Caster Staves grant 4 slots, plus 2% magic damage,
  plus 50 focus, AND can carry a tincture.  6 slots didn't last
  that long.

Oddball things;

  Prettify the display of stats with caps for the screen, with
  a stat/maxstat flavor option (75/101 or similar).

  Let slots share an Item list, e.g. both Left Ring and Right Ring
  keep track of the same unused Rings.  "Move to" sort of provides this,
  but not very elegantly.

  Default to %USERPROFILE%/My Documents/Spellcrafting/Templates
  for saving Templates and .../Reports for saving exported reports 
  on Windows?  Keep Items/ by default under the program dir?

  Folks have asked for RvR and PvE utility numbers.  Not easy though.

  Show Bonuses of % as #% finally?

  Allow users to choose to include class-specific bonuses for resists?
  (mostly, applies to heavy tanks).  Need the growth table from level
  40 through 50.

  Calculate "Piece Ablative" as an average based on chance-to-hit-body-part?

Tincture;

  Allow *Drop* Effect slots to have any value (such as a 5.1 DS effect
  or 64/5 DoT effect), not just pure integers.  Requires us to flip the
  validator, non-trivial.

  List Reactive Effects, ordered by %chance to hit body part?

Ideas for New Items/Item Type;

  Add new Mythical item bonuses to the list, and make the Mythrian's
  item list specific to that item type.  (NOT including stat+statcap
  because they can add two slots for the statcap and the stat!)

  Add 1.85-1.87 enchanced craft slot5 lookups (by realm/style/piece).
  Use the 'Item Level' dialog to choose a specialty-crafted item?
  (Don't get rid of choosing bonuses, since Mythic keeps adding on.)

  A guildy suggested that the user could fix all of the body armor
  pieces or all the weapons which are crafted, based on popping up
  the itemlevel window only once (cool!!!)  Something similar for item 
  quality?  Or a Copy drop menu to fill one other slot, all armor,
  all (four) weapons, or all gems (for quick-lv 51)?

  Fill in Bonus based on itemlevel dialog, when known from material level.  

GUI Gooey Ideas;

  Fix WindowsXP skin view of Group boxes (which we override universally
  because of the Classic appearance stupidity).

  Can we make the 'editing' flavor of the dropdown controls line up
  with their look when they are in drop-pick only mode on Mac?  They
  seem off by -3,-1 (x,y) pixels and offsized -4,-1 or so.  Or just
  blame trolltech?  How about the corresponding pure-edit controls so
  they line up, too?

