Reports have been completely overhauled.  The classic Leladia-style
Kort's templates will NOT work anymore, you must convert your own
custom reports to XSLT format.

The Reports in version 2.0 and later (since beta 1.92) are based
on XSLT stylesheet translation.  To modify the reports you must
work in XSLT to describe how a SCTemplate xml becomes the document
you want.  It's a very powerful - if you can do some basic stuff
with the UI XML files in DAoC, you can probably learn XSLT with
not much hassle (plus you'll find it's a valuable skill to know.)

STEP ONE - Learn what you have to work with.  A saved template
only contains the essentials - XML that describes the toon, and
the items they have and items to craft.

SCTemplate input to your XSLT report has this AND MORE.  Explore
this using the 'File' - 'Export SCTemplate XML' feature, to create
the SCTemplate report input.  The PRIMARY difference is that many
values that you see on the screen or in reports are calculated for
you to insert in your report.

STEP TWO - Learn a little XSLT.  For starters, take a look at the
DefaultConfigReport.xsl file in the reports directory.  It reports
most (but not all) the variables from an SCTemplate, using a short
one-row SLOT template and another SCItem template for each piece.

Anything you want to report should be either provided for you, or 
one simple calculation away.  If something seems too complicated 
to calculate, you possibly missed something, and we are more than 
happy to help (and, fix it if needed!)  Post your issue on the 
developers forum at http://sourceforge.net/projects/kscraft and 
we'll have a look.

STEP THREE - Try it.  First, you can use ANY xslt 1.0 parser to
merge the exported SCTemplate xml to your new report.  Second, you
can test from inside the program by choosing your own report xslt
template file with the View - Choose Format option.  

Try to View - Configuration, if the parser can't understand your 
template. it will throw up a detailed error message with the exact 
line and column where it encountered the mistake.  Fix and just retry, 
you don't need to quit the program to retest (your template is read 
each time you select View - Configuration).

STEP FOUR - Get Crazy!  Try a UI XML Window!  This offers two-pass
parsing so the X and Y window coordinates can be handled in a second
pass through the XSLT engine.  DefaultUiXmlWindow.xsl creates just
the label's Data elements - while DefaultUiXmlWindowPost.xsl will
place those in a window in <LabelDef> elements.

You can try your own UI XML Window with either one or two passes.
If MyWindow.xsl has a corresponding MyWindowPost.xsl that will be
run after the first pass, otherwise if there is no Post.xsl file
for your template, it will run only one pass.

That's it!  We are even willing to consider helping the first few
people who ask to convert their templates for them, provided

  * IT'S ORIGINAL!  Nothing just a bit different from the norm.
    We need to see your example report output to decide if it's
    original, and also to make sure our results match yours.

  * YOU LICENSE IT for all the kscraft users under the GPL (or 
    a less restrictive license, attribution clauses aren't even 
    accepted although WE happily acknowledge contributions.)
    Submitting anything to the project by email or forums or the
    bug/enhancement trackers is an implicit grant of license.

That's it - we are happy to help a little or a lot if it helps the
entire user community.

Give it a try!
